# Portfolio
This portfolio includes the projects related to my resume.
## Jail Dashboards
This dashboard extract detention information from different data resources like updated web pages, excel digit records and pdf reports. This application visualizes racial distribution of population in correctional facilities in Champaign County，IL. It provides real-time numbers and interactive charts
## Neural Image Caption Generator
This project is to reimplement the show and tell paper (Vinyals et al., 2015). This application helps visually-impaired people by transforming visual signals into proper language, which involves tasks of both image classification as well as natural language processing.
## Analyzing New York City Taxi Data Using Apache Spark
With the rapid development of wireless communication technology and intelligent mobile terminal, collecting the track record of moving objects becomes simple and fast. How to accurately find the concentration of passengers in different periods of time is the necessary condition to the recommend services for taxi drivers. Spark can run programs up to 100x faster Hadoop MapReduce in memory, or 10x faster on disk, which is quite helpful here to analyze the urban big data of taxi trajectories. 
## Car Detection in Traffic Flow using Object Detection Deep Learning
The goal of this project is to be able to draw bounding boxes for all cars in dashboard camera footage. Application for such technology, include autonomous vehicles where localization of vehicles is needed to navigate traffic and smart traffic cameras that can monitor the flow of traffic on a busy highway. The real-time monitor application provides a powerful tool for transportation agency to record and analyze traffic data in another way.
## A Sustainable Water Infrastructure Plan for the Village of Mahomet
Capstone project for Urban Planning Master Degree. Throughout the development of the Sustainable Water Infrastructure Plan, several key discoveries were made which highlighted the current state of energy and water efficiency. With the development of the Infrastructure Plan, the village now has a road map that provides valuable information on the interrelation of water and energy that can aid in the planning process. With the development of the energy model, the village now has an advanced tool that can not only evaluate potential developments but can also be used to explore any number of “what if” scenarios.
